{"question": "What is zone 2 training?", "summaries": "Content: zone 5 and the reason I think those two matter is that's generally where life takes place. Life is zone 1, zone 2 and zone 5 and so by training zone 2 and zone 5, obviously much more in zone 2 than zone 5, we're really teeing ourselves up metabolically and also structurally to do these things.\nSource: 7\n\nContent: Peter Attia: The next set of clips is from a topic that we've covered on a lot of episodes. And of course, is a very important pillar in this framework of exercise. This is aerobic training and specifically looking at low end aerobic efficiency or zone two training. This was most recently covered again in our second episode with Inigo San Milan. This is a training zone I spend a much as I used to when I was a cyclist and I probably spent, I don't know, 10 to 12 hours a week in this zone. Today, I spend three or four hours a week in this zone, but I still believe this is incredibly important. And I want to make sure that you understand this. All I'm doing is swimming. I'm not doing workouts. I'm not looking at the pace clock. I'm not doing intervals. I literally just get in the water with no agenda other than to get wet and hear the sound of water going by my ears. Probably I'm not even swimming hard enough to get into zone two, truthfully. I doubt my heart rate's above 120. That's\nSource: 5\n\nContent: I\u00f1igo San Mill\u00e1n: So the zone two is now then when you start stimulating those slow twitch muscle fibers to the fullest. Let's imagine that you're in that first gear that I mentioned earlier in the manual stick car. And then you're in that red zone. And that's where the car is asking you, hey, shift to the second gear. And that's where like you're forcing physiologically because the body adapts to say, no, you get stronger at this gear. That's kind of that zone two is like when you stimulate those muscle fibers before you start changing to a whole different environment where you start then recruiting fully the type two or fast twitch muscle fibers and therefore the different energy system, which is the glucose. So the zone two coincides also with what we call the fat max, which is exercise intensity at the one you oxidize the highest amount of fat. And then we can see that clearly in the laboratory as we saw in the graph that we can show here. Yeah, we're\nSource: 0\n\nContent: Peter Attia: let's remind people now. I've put out a few posts on social over, gosh, the past year, and even in the past little while. And anytime I'm talking about zone two, it's really one of the topics that generates the most curiosity, the most inquiry from people. I think people really intuitively kind of resonate with this. And then, of course, a million questions follow because there's so much minutiae and detail around it. And a lot of that we're going to cover today. But let's start from a place of maybe someone hasn't heard the first podcast where we go through some of the semantics of this. Define zone two.\nSource: 0"}